Update README.md (#2471)
apollographql/apollo-server: packages/apollo-server/README.md

[![Join the community on Spectrum](https://withspectrum.github.io/badge/badge.svg)](https://spectrum.chat/apollo)

Apollo Server is a community-maintained open-source GraphQL server. It works with pretty much all Node.js HTTP server frameworks, and we're happy to take PRs to add more! Apollo Server works with any GraphQL schema built with [GraphQL.js](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js)--so you may build your schema with that or a convenience library such as [graphql-tools](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphql-tools/).

## Principles

Apollo Server is built with the following principles in mind:

- **By the community, for the community**: Its development is driven by the needs of developers.

> - **Simplicity**: By keeping things simple, it is more secure, easier to use, and easier to contribute to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Simplicity**: By keeping things simple, it is more secure and easier to implement and contribute.
```

[![Join the community on Spectrum](https://withspectrum.github.io/badge/badge.svg)](https://spectrum.chat/apollo)

Apollo Server is a community-maintained open-source GraphQL server. It works with pretty much all Node.js HTTP server frameworks, and we're happy to take PRs to add more! Apollo Server works with any GraphQL schema built with [GraphQL.js](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js)--so you may build your schema with that or a convenience library such as [graphql-tools](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphql-tools/).

## Principles

Apollo Server is built with the following principles in mind:

- **By the community, for the community**: Its development is driven by the needs of developers.
- **Simplicity**: By keeping things simple, it is more secure, easier to use, and easier to contribute to.

> - **Performance**: It is well-tested and production-ready.

Reviewer: These are all great changes!  If you could find a way to remove the `easier` references here (and even the `easy` below as well), it would be nice to de-emphasize the determination of effort, since that may very well vary substantially from user to user.

Author: How about the following?

**"Simplicity: By keeping things simple, it is more secure and easier to implement and contribute to."**

Essentially the **simplicity** principle _is_ subjective on its own.

Reviewer: I like it!  I've added it as a code suggestion above.

Anyone is welcome to contribute to Apollo Server, just read [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md), take a look at the [roadmap](./ROADMAP.md) and make your first PR!

> ## Getting Started

Reviewer: No need to capitalize this.

Apollo Server is super easy to setup:

* Install with `npm install apollo-server-<integration>`
* Write a GraphQL schema
* Use one of the following snippets to get started.

There are two ways to install Apollo Server:

* **[Standalone](#installation-standalone)**: For applications that do not require an existing web framework, use the `apollo-server` package.
* **[Integrations](#installation-integrations)**: For applications with a web framework (e.g. `express`, `koa`, `hapi`, etc.), use the appropriate Apollo Server integration package.

For more info, please refer to the [Apollo Server docs](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/v2).

### Installation: Standalone

> First, install the `apollo-server` and `graphql` dependencies using:

Reviewer: Prefer to avoid this change.  The instruction before was quite accurate.

});
```

> Due to its human-readability, we recommend using [schema-definition language (SDL)](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/essentials/schema.html#sdl) to define a GraphQL schema--[a `GraphQLSchema` object from `graphql-js`](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js/#using-graphqljs) can also be specified instead of `typeDefs` and `resolvers` using the `schema` property:
>
> ```js
> const server = new ApolloServer({
>   schema: ...
> });
> ```

Finally, start the server using `node index.js` and go to the URL returned on the console.

> 

Reviewer: I think we should leave the link to Spectrum here, even though you've added it below.

For more details, check out the Apollo Server [Getting Started guide](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/getting-started.html) and the [fullstack tutorial](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/tutorial/introduction.html).

## Installation: Integrations

> While the standalone setup is quite straightforward--as it does not require a web framework--the integration packages have their own instructions (with respective examples). Please refer to the following guides to combine Apollo Server with a specific web framework.

Reviewer: Let's avoid calling it `quite straightforward`.  The previous instruction did a good job explaining the benefits without making claims to simplicity.

In fact, I'd ask that we revert this back to how it was written before (albeit some smaller tweaks are still welcome, like removing the `README` reference, if you're so compelled.

- [Google Cloud Functions](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server/tree/master/packages/apollo-server-cloud-functions)
- [Cloudflare](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server/tree/master/packages/apollo-server-cloudflare) _(Experimental)_

## Context

A request context is available for each request.  When `context` is defined as a function, it will be called on each request and will receive an object containing a `req` property, which represents the request itself.

> By returning an object from the `context` function, it will be available as the third positional parameter of the resolvers:

Reviewer: 👍

## Documentation

> The [Apollo Server documentation](https://apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/) contains much more to get started with GraphQL and Apollo Server.

Reviewer: Rather than _contains much more_, how about?:

```suggestion
The [Apollo Server documentation](https://apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/) contains additional details on how to get started with GraphQL and Apollo Server.
```

> The raw source of said documentation is available within the `docs/` directory of this monorepo--to contribute, please use the _Edit on GitHub_ buttons at the bottom of each page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The raw Markdown source the documentation is available within the `docs/` directory of this monorepo--to contribute, please use the _Edit on GitHub_ buttons at the bottom of each page.
```

Reviewer: Also, are `--`s automatically converted to `&mdash;`?

Author: Yep.

## Development

If you wish to develop or contribute to Apollo Server, we suggest the following:

- Fork this repository

> - Install Apollo Server

Reviewer: This isn't quite right.  Installing Apollo Server isn't the path to _developing_ it, it's the path to _using_ it.  This should read more like, "Clone this repository into your development environment." (whatever that might be).

npm link
```

> - Share your local Apollo Server application

Reviewer: This doesn't strike me as the right wording either.  The gist should be:

> Link your local, development version of Apollo Server into another project which needs to run it.

```
cd ~/myApp
npm link apollo-server-<integration>
```

> ## Community

Reviewer: Nice! This definitely deserves to be its own heading!
